(wings flapping)
(cicadas chirping)
HEINE: You came back.
But Ushioh's presence disappeared.
I bet you're glad
that pest is finally gone.
(theme music)
(grunts)
Heine.
-(flash squeals)
-(kids gasp)
(static)
Damn it.
Uh...
(gasps)
(static)
(chuckling)
Akari!
(Heine scoffs)
You can take the boy away.
He doesn't taste that good, anyway.
SHINPEI: Immunity?
The thing is, considering
that you only just came back, Shinpei.
You're right on the edge.
(gasps)
(rumbles)
SHINPEI: Event horizon.
I'm right on the edge after looping.
This is bad.
It's over if I die here.
She aimed for this.
Did she turn into a crow
and watch me the entire time?
-(squealing)
-(all grunt)
(foreboding music)
(squawking)
(panting)
-(static)
-SHINPEI: It's pointless.
I can't do this alone.
I can't beat even one.
AKARI: Brother!
It's okay, Akari. Don't worry.
I will protect you.
SHINPEI: This is not good.
(panting)
Don't give up. It's over if I die.
Look at the situation.
Wait. Stop, please!
If you make me loop now,
you won't have copied Akari, either.
You sure about that?
Or can you bring data you copied
from another loop, too?
SHINPEI: So that day at the festival,
you ate all of those people?
It's all your fault.
HEINE: During that time,
I used my power to go after you.
(stomach rumbles)
HEINE: Your life ends here.
Damn it.
(Shinpei gasps)
Bye-bye.
-(shadows snarl)
-(whimpers)
Wait.
(silence)
SHINPEI: It stopped?
(in demonic voice)
How dare you?
(gasps)
(squawking)
It flew away.
Does... Does this mean that...
Are we safe now, Shinpei?
SHINPEI: They're all gone?
The stray shadows, too?
Why was I saved?
(grunts)
This is...
(sobbing)
Damn it!
What's the matter?
Nothing.
SHINPEI: I gotta call everyone.
(cell phone rings)
Are you sure?
Ushioh is really dead?
SHINPEI: Yes. The situation's changed.
Let's meet and rework our strategy.
Okay, then. Where do you want to meet?
(Shinpei quivering)
(cell phone blaring)
SHADOW SHINPEI: How about Torajima,
northwest of the island?
HIZURU: The one you can only reach
during low tide?
SHADOW SHINPEI:
Yeah. Low tide starts in 30 minutes.
I already told Mio and Sou.
I'll meet them at Bistro Kofune
before we head out.
HIZURU: Understood.
Torajima in 30 minutes.
Yeah. All right. I'll see you in 30.
RYUNOSUKE NAGUMO
UNSTABLE CONNECTION. FIND BETTER SIGNAL
Damn it. I can't connect.
All right, let's get going.
This place is dangerous.
Okay.
I need to tell everyone
that Ushioh disappeared.
MASAHITO: Heine.
When did you copy that body?
SHADOW SHINPEI: We should look at it
from a bird's-eye view.
Ushioh has no memory of it.
It's a hole in their pseudo-loop
that we can exploit.
That's wonderful.
Exactly. Shinpei won't survive
to tomorrow's ceremony.
So let's get going. Right now.
MASAHITO: Leave it to me.
BISTRO KOFUNE
(bell chimes)
(panting)
We're back!
Hm?
(all panting)
Where's Mio?
She went somewhere together with Sou.
She said they were gonna meet you.
That was probably at least 30 minutes ago.
What'd they say? Go where?
ALAIN: I didn't hear.
-Shinpei! Did something happen?
-SHINPEI: Please look after those kids!
Hmm...
Are you kids hungry?
Umm... I, uh...
(chuckles)
I would like some juice, please.
-The number you are trying to reach...
-SHINPEI: Meeting me.
-...is out of coverage area or unattended.
-SHINPEI: Is there a shadow me?
Why? I wasn't copied this time.
I reversed being copied
at the funeral and Koba Mart.
Wait. No! That's not it!
SHADOW TETSU: You wanna copy him, too?
-MIOH: No. I don't. Not him.
-(Shinpei choking)
MIOH: Mother already copied him.
SHINPEI: So the one
who copied me was Heine.
She came from the end of the festival
in the third loop.
That's when she copied me,
and then she started using my shadow form!
But how did she call them from my phone?
Even if she copied it,
she had to get rid of the original one.
-MIOH: Shin-chan?
-(gasps)
SHINPEI: Was that from my room?
(gasps)
What are you doing here?
Mioh! What happened?
It can't be. That call just now...
(groaning)
Please take them out gently.
Uh... sorry.
-MIOH: Huh?
-(Shinpei gasps)
I'll share my memories with you.
SOU: Mioh.
My sister's dead.
What if the hacking gets reversed.
It'll be dangerous.
Shin-chan said it could happen!
It might become
an enemy again at any time!
No way. Mio did this to you?
Mio had gotten a call from you,
and you told her that sis died.
Is that true?
Yeah. But that wasn't me,
my shadow was the one who made the call.
Does it hurt?
I'm fine. I'm sorry, though.
I wasn't able to protect Mio.
MIOH: I knew there was a shadow of you.
I saw it in sis's pseudo-loop.
That, and I also heard you say
Heine copied you
and created your shadow, isn't that right?
Right. But I can't believe
that two copies of my phone
can exist and work at the same time.
I was careless.
SHINPEI: I just remembered.
During the third loop,
it also copied my phone.
It was sucked into Heine's body
at the end.
MIOH: I see. So Heine brought it over
to this eighth loop.
This is bad.
Heine knows Ms. Nagumo's memories
as well as her contact information.
Do you know where Mio and Sou went?
-(cell phone buzzes)
-(gasps)
Ms. Nagumo.
Hello?
-SHADOW SHINPEI: Yo. It's me.
-(gasps)
SHINPEI: It's my voice.
So how does it feel
to get a call from yourself?
(gasps)
Heine? How... You have Ms. Nagumo's phone?
What did you do?
SHADOW SHINPEI:
Come see for yourself, observer.
Hizuru and the others are in Torajima.
Mio and Sou are in Alain's garden.
Figure out who you're going to save.
Wait! Don't go! Hello? Hello?
They hung up.
Calm down, Shin-chan.
Just think about what you can do now.
I know!
Heine is thinking the same way
as you are now.
Just take a step back, and think.
(grunts)
SHINPEI: Think.
Why would Heine put in all this effort?
Do I save Mio or Ms. Nagumo?
She could be lying
and everyone's already dead.
But I can't... I can't just do nothing.
I'd rather regret doing something
than regret doing nothing at all.
SHINPEI: Gather everything
that can be a weapon! Everything!
Why are you here, Mr. Karikiri?
MASAHITO: These cucumbers are impressive.
Alain is so good at growing vegetables.
Isn't that right, Mio?
Mio, get back.
I personally prefer rice-bran pickles,
but I just got the taste
for vinegar pickles
after eating them here.
MASAHITO:
Nothing like the taste of France.
What did you do with Shinpei?
Although, Mother hates both kinds.
MASAHITO: Isn't that a pickle?
People have such different tastes.
(gasps)
-What happened, Ms. Nagumo?
-Hm...
This terrain is very dangerous.
What... Wait, what do you mean?
Hizuru. It really was Shinpei
on the phone, right?
HIZURU: Even Ryunosuke can't tell
if it's a human or shadow on the phone.
But it definitely came
from Shinpei Ajiro's phone.
Ushioh was killed, right?
Don't you think Shinpei
might be already dead, too?
HIZURU: Yeah. That's possible.
Shinpei's loop may have cut off,
and we've entered the world
observed by Heine.
That doesn't change anything.
We kill Heine. That's all.
Can you call Mio?
No. We don't have any signal here.
If I understood Alain correctly,
then Mio and Sou went out
in order to meet up with Shinpei.
Hopefully, they're headed this way.
TOKIKO: Mio.
HIZURU: I'll cross
to Torajima alone first.
Can you target it from here, Nezu?
NEZU: Just the south side of the island.
HIZURU: That's enough. I'll send you
a signal if Shinpei's a shadow.
Tokiko, charge in with Gil and Rose
if that happens.
TOKIKO: I understand.
And, Totsumura...
(grunts)
HIZURU: Why are you here again?
Hm?
-HIZURU: Whatever. Just don't die.
-TETSU: Huh?
Uh... Oh. But what about your weapon?
(suspenseful music)
Don't worry, I have this.
HIZURU: Don't let your guard down.
We'll come back here
if it's really Shinpei.
NEZU: Got it!
Don't get yourself killed
out there, Hizuru.
(scoffs)
You have no delicacy, old man.
Don't plan my funeral just yet.
NEZU: Funeral? No way.
HIZURU: I'll write a novel
about my experience here
once this is all finished.
It's probably a good time
to start writing non-fiction.
RYUNOSUKE: Lightly, but surely,
it echoes in my head.
A sound that grinds on the nerves,
like nails on a chalkboard.
(waves crashing)
I feel it. A shadow?
No. This is Heine.
I need to draw it toward me
so Nezu can have a shot.
Can it read my mind?
Ms. Nagumo! I'm glad you're okay.
Where's everybody else?
RYUNOSUKE: I don't need
your lousy acting, Heine.
I can see you transformed.
Where is Shinpei?
(scoffs)
SHADOW SHINPEI: Fourteen years ago,
I said I'd kill you the next time we met.
That was right here.
(foreboding music)
Goodbye, Ryunosuke.
(thuds)
(grunts)
Hm...
Impressive.
Are you Shide? Masahito Karikiri.
But you're human.
I don't sense a shadow in you.
RYUNOSUKE: Like you just did now,
did you sneak up behind Ushioh
-and kill her like that?
-(Masahito scoffs)
Oh, my. This trick didn't work, did it?
You've got good senses,
Ryunosuke Minakata.
So you did know my... my secret.
You know it was 14 years ago
when I copied Ryunosuke Minakata.
SHADOW SHINPEI: My personality at the time
couldn't face the guilt
of eating my friend's brother.
So Ryunosuke's data exploded from me.
That was a serious accident indeed.
The coordinates were slightly off
when they got printed.
MASAHITO: Coordinates? Ow.
SHADOW SHINPEI: Coordinates of time.
There is a two-second gap, to be precise.
MASAHITO: Oh, my.
SHADOW SHINPEI:
So, he's moving Hizuru's body
from two seconds in the future.
-Isn't that right, Hizuru-chan?
-(gasps)
MASAHITO: I know you can hear me,
right, Hizuru-chan?
You approached Heine and confused her.
It's your fault that Heine
was deeply hurt.
She got weaker.
Now, she can only survive here
for a few more months.
This is all your fault, Hizuru-chan.
Your precious brother's death
is the whole reason Heine has to leave.
This is all your fault, Hizuru-chan!
-RYUNOSUKE: What did you say?
-(cracking)
I won't let you hurt my sister anymore!
MASAHITO: You can't beat me, Ryunosuke.
(gasps)
Heine's eye can observe
the next two seconds,
and then tell it to me.
This means your two-second advantage
is meaningless.
MASAHITO: This is mud.
Formerly shadows, but now they're nothing.
(suspenseful music)
I'll tell you about all my abilities.
Games have to be fair to be interesting.
This will change shape at will.
RYUNOSUKE: How disgusting.
How many people are in that?
What would sis call that?
Globs of death? No.
SHIDE: Because it's no one,
it has no weakness.
RYUNOSUKE: An armor of corpses!
SHIDE: It's time to take this seriously.
-(grunts)
-(thuds)
RYUNOSUKE: I knew it.
Sis was right.
You want to make me dodge,
and then strike me after.
But Shide can't see
where I am two seconds ahead.
Heine sees it
and tells him telepathically.
There is a minor time lag.
I need to move faster.
(gunshot)
Faster!
I just need to move faster!
(suspenseful music)
-(thuds)
-(crows squawking)
Huh?
(squelches)
(mutters)
SHIDE: Amazing. You can move like that
with a human body.
But it looks like
you pushed yourself too far.
You opened your wound.
(panting)
SHIDE: I gave you that last night...
when you had to cover for Shinpei.
(panting)
RYUNOSUKE: That's not it.
There was a fracture in my right arm,
and my muscles are also torn.
Sis' body can't take any more than this.
As much as it pains me,
I need to run away. I sent the signal.
If I can get into Nezu's range,
he can give me cover, so I can...
-HIZURU: Escape.
-RYUNOSUKE: Wait. Huh?
(gasps)
Hm?
Wait, Sis!
Don't do it. Don't run away, Ryunosuke.
Is that Hizuru?
HIZURU AND RYUNOSUKE: Huh?
Why am I awake
while sis is taking over this body?
I'm talking with her in real-time
for the first time!
No way. Is this a dream?
Hey! Why? Why?
-(laughing)
-Ugh! Just shut up!
HIZURU: This is an emergency.
We've got to do this.
Hey, Sis. I'm so glad.
HIZURU: Listen closely, Ryunosuke.
We can win.
-RYUNOSUKE: Oh.
-SHIDE: Oh?
As long as Shinpei Ajiro is alive,
we need to fight.
We'll just die tomorrow if we run.
But--
Don't think.
Let me do the thinking.
HIZURU: You saw it. That material
goes beyond common sense.
But he's just a human
if we can get rid of that armor.
Listen. You're the only one
who can pull this off.
I will give you full control
over this body.
Oh.
Stay focused, Ryunosuke.
(static)
HIZURU: You're holding back
to avoid harming me, aren't you?
If my body's destroyed,
I don't care. Use it fully!
(closing theme music)